# Live Page Code
=============

This Opera extension saves page source code and CSS styles including all modifications made by scripts and the browser.

For correct saving create «text/phf» MIME type (Settings-Preferences-Advanced-Downloads-Add) with «htm» extension and «Save to disk» action.

This extension will not save page's JavaScripts.  

FAQ:
Q: What about external images?  
A: External images including is not possible within current Opera security paradigm (Opera is blocking canvas data-URI reading if images are from external domains). Maybe there is a hackish way but that won't do because of compatibility and security considerations. The best way is to open page generated by the extension and then re-save it as .mht to include them.  

Q: Why saved page named "default"?  
A: It's impossible to save with title as filename because Opera can't set it when saving from data-URI and other alternative JavaScript File I/O writer is not supported. I really wish for such functionality myself. =_=  

Q: Is it possible to add support of _some online service_?  
A: There certainly won't be any such service support for the purpose of maximally independent extension code.  

Changelog:

v1.5:   

* Fixed to work correctly with Opera 12

v1.4:  

* Notify-It support;  
* Date of saving added to the code;  
* Removes some known garbage from saved pages.
* Overlay to show page generation.
* Images conversion fixed.
* Disallow fast button clicks.

v1.32:  

* fixed multiple save dialogs if several tabs of the same url opened;  

v1.31:  

* fixed loading on some sites;  
* actual debug info;  

v1.3:  
* fix for "null" image src's;  
* button automatically disabled for a blank pages;  
